Add Expo source maps guide (#8854)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/includes/react-native-sourcemaps-expo-common-instructions.mdx

## Common Setup

To upload source maps to Sentry Sentry Expo Plugin and Sentry Metro Plugin needs to be add to the Expo application.

### Add the Sentry Expo Plugin

> To ensure the bundles and source maps are automatically uploaded during the local and EAS native applications builds, add `@sentry/react-native/expo` to the Expo application configuration:

Reviewer: > add `@sentry/react-native/expo` to the Expo application configuration:

maybe instead:

> add the `@sentry/react-native/expo` config plugin to the Expo application configuration:

<Include name="react-native-expo-plugin-code-snippet.mdx" />

### Add Sentry Metro Plugin

> To ensure unique Debug IDs get assigned to the generated bundles and source maps, add Sentry Serializer to the Metro configuration:

Reviewer: > To ensure unique Debug IDs get assigned to the generated bundles and source maps, add Sentry Serializer to the Metro configuration:

->

> To ensure unique Debug IDs are assigned to the generated bundles and source maps, add the Sentry Metro Serializer to the Metro configuration:

> To ensure unique Debug IDs get assigned to the generated bundles and source maps, add Sentry Serializer to the Metro configuration:

Author: ```suggestion
To ensure unique Debug IDs are assigned to the generated bundles and source maps, add the Sentry Metro Plugin to the configuration:
```
